doc: specify maxHeadersCount alias for maxHeaderListPairs (#33519)
nodejs/node: doc/api/http2.md

    queued to be sent, and unacknowledged `PING` and `SETTINGS` frames are all
    counted towards the current limit. **Default:** `10`.
  * `maxHeaderListPairs` {number} Sets the maximum number of header entries.

>     This is similar to `HTTP/1`'s `maxHeadersCount`. The minimum value is `4`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is similar to `http.Server#maxHeadersCount`. The minimum value is `4`.
```

and add a link to the bottom. same as below

```md
[`http.Server#maxHeadersCount`]: http.html#http_server_maxheaderscount
```

Reviewer: see
https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/d7b02c3cadb9f725579df30aa6bb082399961fbf/doc/api/https.md#servermaxheaderscount

Author: I actually considered this change before making the pull request, but `http.ClientRequest` also has a similar property and I think explicitly specifying `http.Server` would indicate that it's different from the former, i.e., they both seem to differ in functionality.

I think we should add something like "This is similar to `http.Server#maxHeadersCount` or `http.ClientRequest#maxHeadersCount`", *if* we want to make this change. What do you think?

Reviewer: I haven’t any special opinions on this. But this should get more discussion with other collaborators.

Reviewer 2: I would go with the suggestion made by @Himself65. Just naming one seems sufficient as an example reference while also being fine with naming both.

@Trott do you have any opinion on this?

Author: ping @Trott

Reviewer 3: > ping @Trott

I prefer adding both for the reason suggested by @rexagod.

    queued to be sent, and unacknowledged `PING` and `SETTINGS` frames are all
    counted towards the current limit. **Default:** `10`.
  * `maxHeaderListPairs` {number} Sets the maximum number of header entries.

>     This is similar to `http.Server#maxHeadersCount` or

Reviewer 3: I think this and the other ones should be links (as described by @Himself65) so that users don't have to figure out where to find the documentation, especially since the documentation uses `server.maxHeadersCount` rather than `http.Server#maxHeadersCount` so people unfamiliar with the latter notation might not know if its the right thing or not. Having it link there makes it clear that it's the right thing.

Author: Thank you for pointing this out. I've made these changes. :)
